Oh
how to present symbolic medicine
symbolic medicine is a
medicine that lies between between
two current medicines that are the
body medicine that heals them
body symptoms and medicine of
mind trying to treat
26 somatic stroke or psy and medicine
symbolic she will situate between these two
there because it is not for the purpose
nor to remove symptoms of
body or to remove
problematic here and there why the
symbolic symbol
I will be me they will understand this is
in fact the symbol him he will act of
way more or less consciousness more or
less conscious
especially these levels as well on the
body on the small is good that we
go straight to the point and
the essentials of symbolic medicine
it is the awakening of consciousness
to say that the goal is the awakening of the
more consciousness the guy like that by the
symbol the symbol part by any
what other way anyway life
she always uses means to
wake us up and his ways are
always symbolic and medicine
symbolic she asks that the
therapist make a peace with the
patient face another step ie
everyone has his share the patient him he does
this pieces or his domain open up 18
awareness act changed and the
therapist him he's acting on by the
symbol on the invisible because
than the invisible one that is reflected in
the visible in the material
then the causes of the symptoms of
problems are in the invisible but we
can not act on the invisible as one
acts on the visible so it's just the
difficulty of symbolic medicine
it is to find a way of action that
be relevant and it's a room to
the spirit is the symbol that speaks to
the mind that has distorted the form
excluding assignments and pains in the
form that in our body in fact you
to say it like that answers the spirit by
another symbol and the spirit of the blow he
heard the symbolic message and he
said it's okay they understood they were
woke up under wake up and so the
disease the disease stops so simple
that the disease stops when
the mind says there are more reasons to
to do the disease since I was told
it's a bit like that
in the tradition of already that's still
it's not today in the end
it's not a novelty if it's a
novelty in the tradition they have
always used the symbol of good and
of evil they always brought back the
symbol to two things there is the good the
evil is so the things that are part
of good and things that are part of the
badly like the disease this evil party the
demons the entities and parasites that makes
part of the evil you have to chase them
but that gives you medical rituals
who are overwhelmed and neither ritual like
exorcism as there
baptism transposes into ritual
medical vaccination or
ablation or chemotherapy
let the rituals are outdated
currently human consciousness in
the god of today's time the
human consciousness but is in the process of
to go beyond the notion of malongo goods
everywhere that is to say that everywhere we want
to do good partying
whenever we want to treat a
part of the body with a sacred medicine
evil elsewhere in the body and so we
realizes that good and bad
does not exist and so the new
medicine must come out of this scheme
is she on adapted rituals
in modern times and in consciousness
modern apart from good and evil so
evil is good that wants us
speak
Well yes there are plenty of products in
China is a bad thing for a good
it will be a medicine medicine of
the peace
salam and ines a cup c medicine of
the soul that brings peace that's why
that we can say that we have
encountered surface currence branch has been
banded on the hand on the soul what the
life and we do not look with the head
to listen to all the symbols me I
would say but when it's ok
especially listen that it's okay and live
his life quietly and when there is a
problem there are questions and
then we'll see but if it's okay it's
that we are in agreement with those with a
increase even when a war may
spend 40 years yeah that's it
important to tell people who are
not ask any questions permanently a
frog as he is crazy
yet the frog there but gilles it
was finishing apart whose the
frog there is the symbol of
cleaning so